README.md, before:

Terraform Templates to Deploy Infrastructure onto AWS
-------------------------------------------------------

0. PreRequisites:
-------------
 - Please see section 2 below pertaining to Credentials and Authentication.
 - Please change the S3 bucket name to a globally unique name.
 - Please change the default username/password of admin/paloalto immediately!

1. Code Organization:
-----------------

  ```
      aws_two-tier/
      - aws_two_tier.tf: Contains the definition of the various artifacts that will be deployed on AWS.
      - aws_vars.tf: Define the various variables that will be required as inputs to the Terraform template.
      - terraform.tfvars: Defines default values for all the variables.
      - webserver_config_amzn_ami.sh: The commands to pass as userdata to be executed on an instance.
  ```

  Note: The aws_vars.tf has default values provided for certain variables. These can obviously be overridden by
        specifying those variables and values in the terraform.tfvars file.

2. Credentials and Authentication:
------------------------------

  - Create a file called ```aws_creds.tf ``` to provide the AWS ACCESS_KEY and SECRET_KEY.

  - The structure of the ```aws_creds.tf``` file should be as follows:

    ```
        provider "aws" {
          access_key = "<access_key>"
          secret_key = "<secret_key>"
          region     = "${var.aws_region}"
        }
    ```



Usage:
------

   run terraform: ```terraform apply```

Support:
--------

This template is a fork of the Palo Alto Networks terrafor template and is released under an as-is, best effort, support policy. These scripts should be seen as community supported and Palo Alto Networks will contribute our expertise as and when possible. We do not provide technical support or help in using or troubleshooting the components of the project through our normal support options such as Palo Alto Networks support teams, or ASC (Authorized Support Centers) partners and backline support options. The underlying product used (the VM-Series firewall) by the scripts or templates are still supported, but the support is only for the product functionality and not for help in deploying or using the template or script itself. Unless explicitly tagged, all projects or work posted in our GitHub repository (at https://github.com/PaloAltoNetworks) or sites other than our official Downloads page on https://support.paloaltonetworks.com are provided under the best effort policy.

Commit message:

Updated ssh-keygen command, README, and bootstrap files

README.md, after:

Terraform Templates to Deploy Infrastructure onto AWS
-------------------------------------------------------

0. PreRequisites:
-------------
 - Please see section 2 below pertaining to Credentials and Authentication.
 - Run the command ```ssh-keygen -f two_tier_vpc_key -t rsa -N ''``` in the keys/ directory.
 - Please change the S3 bucket name to a globally unique name.
 - Please change the default username/password of admin/paloalto immediately!

1. Code Organization:
-----------------

  ```
      aws_two-tier/
      - aws_two_tier.tf: Contains the definition of the various artifacts that will be deployed on AWS.
      - aws_vars.tf: Define the various variables that will be required as inputs to the Terraform template.
      - terraform.tfvars: Defines default values for all the variables.
      - webserver_config_amzn_ami.sh: The commands to pass as userdata to be executed on an instance.
  ```

  Note: The aws_vars.tf has default values provided for certain variables. These can obviously be overridden by
        specifying those variables and values in the terraform.tfvars file.

2. Credentials and Authentication:
------------------------------

  - Create a file called ```aws_creds.tf ``` to provide the AWS ACCESS_KEY and SECRET_KEY.

  - The structure of the ```aws_creds.tf``` file should be as follows:

    ```
        provider "aws" {
          access_key = "<access_key>"
          secret_key = "<secret_key>"
          region     = "${var.aws_region}"
        }
    ```



Usage:
------

   run terraform: ```terraform apply```

 Notes:
 ------
 - The web and db subnets have their default routes point the firewall's web and db interface. No need to change the instances from x.x.x.1.


Support:
--------

This template is a fork of the Palo Alto Networks terraform template and is released under an as-is, best effort, support policy. These scripts should be seen as community supported and Palo Alto Networks will contribute our expertise as and when possible. We do not provide technical support or help in using or troubleshooting the components of the project through our normal support options such as Palo Alto Networks support teams, or ASC (Authorized Support Centers) partners and backline support options. The underlying product used (the VM-Series firewall) by the scripts or templates are still supported, but the support is only for the product functionality and not for help in deploying or using the template or script itself. Unless explicitly tagged, all projects or work posted in our GitHub repository (at https://github.com/PaloAltoNetworks) or sites other than our official Downloads page on https://support.paloaltonetworks.com are provided under the best effort policy.
